Instant Development Company (hereafter "Developer") and John Doe (hereafter "Customer"), hereby agree to the following regarding CrysysShop (hereafter "the Project"):

The Developer will begin the Project on 2021-12-25. The Developer estimates that the Project will take 3 hours, and at 10000$ per hour, the Project total will be roughly 30000$. The Customer acknowledges that the Project may take more time than the original estimate and agrees to pay the hourly rate for the completion of the Project.

The Project will be made according to the following specifications: RGlkIHlvdSBtaXNzIHRoZSBmbGFnPw==. If the Customer wishes to make any changes, they must submit a Change Order in writing for approval by the Developer.

The Developer will create a mock-up of the final product for the customer's approval before building the Project. The Customer will also have one opportunity upon receipt of the final product to request changes.

The Project will include source code only. The Customer will not receive any technical support. The Project will cover one website only. The Customer is not permitted to sell the source code or use it to clone or create other websites.

The Developer will retain all the rights of the interface, source code, materials, data, structures, menus, and arrangements used to make the Project. The Customer will retain all rights of the text, graphics, audio, video, logos, and intellectual property used in the Project.

The Developer will not supply maintenance, backup, and IT services.

Payment will be made upon completion as follows: CS:GO skins traded to the Developer's account.

In witness to their agreement to the terms of this contract, the parties affix their signatures below:

Ḭ̡͓͖̗̣͈̞̭̗̑ͯ͋͌n̹̻͖̐̌͛̓ͫͥ̌̂ş͍̬͇͔̳̮͒͗̽͊͜ṫ̶̥͎̠͛ͫͨ̂̀a̪̓̉̋͋̊̿ͤͅn̈́̿͊ͩ͒͏̯̩t̊͊ͭ̍ͫ̉̃ͭ̀̀͏̶̯̙ ̷̰͔͔̰͚̙̰ͫͣ͑͛͗D̵̯̩̗̝̳̹̭̻ͮͮ̈́͡ͅe̜̦̽ͯ͊̅̕ṿ̴̱̩͔̺̈́̋ͥ̈̔̇̈́͛ͅe̘̘̙̻̩̾ͬ͐̐lͬ͏͏̸̮̻̲͉ǫ̲̟̩̮̠̠͈̖̍ͮ̉ͯp̴̻̳̖ͨ̏̀͘ṁ̧̝͖̹͙̪͙̥̙̎̃ͩ͛ȩ̛̠̱͖͙͈̀̇͘ͅn̛̫̠̼̊̊͗̿͗ͥ̿t͇̹̖̗̬̻͍͓̄͋̾ͭ̎̈́̿̀ ̛̮̮͎̻̹̓̒̾͛C͍̋̽̏͑ͦ͂̍o̸̭̻͍̞̹̥͉̅ͩ͌͋ͥ̊ͫͨ̚m̭͔̺͍̤̊̇̂́p̿̆̒̅̀̿̃̓͝͏̰̳̯̻̘̞̠͖á̅ͨ̒̏͐͏̴̥͙̻̝͈̘̣́n̶͓̤̹̩̟͕̣͐̍̄̕͜ỵ̩̪͈͓̫̺͎ͩ̿̇ͩͯ̌̏́ͅ, 2021-12-24
Developer, signature & date

cd22{d4mn_sh0uld_h4v3_c4lled_th3_f4m1ly_1t_guy_1nst3ad}, 2021-12-24
Customer, signature & date